Document course sync API endpoint (#12318)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/api.md

curl -H "Private-Token: TOKEN" https://us.prairielearn.com/pl/api/v1/<REST_OF_PATH>
```

## Endpoint HTTP methods

API endpoints require either a [`GET` request](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Methods/GET) or a [`POST` request](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Methods/POST). A `GET` request retrieves information from PrairieLearn, such as gradebook information. A `POST` request asks PrairieLearn to perform an action, such as syncing a course GitHub repository. For `GET` requests, you can follow the format in the above example.

Here is an example of using `curl` for a `POST` request:

```sh
curl -H "Private-Token: TOKEN" -X POST https://us.prairielearn.com/pl/api/v1/<REST_OF_PATH>
```

> 

Author: We decided not to do this https://github.com/PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn/pull/12318#discussion_r2181101234

curl -H "Private-Token: TOKEN" https://us.prairielearn.com/pl/api/v1/<REST_OF_PATH>
```

> ## Types of Endpoints

Reviewer: Nit (I don't think of HTTP method as being the "type" of an endpoint):

```suggestion
## Endpoint HTTP methods
```

> When sending a request to an endpoint, it will require you to send either a `GET` or a `POST` request. A `GET` request retrieves information from PrairieLearn, such as gradebook information. Whereas a `POST` request asks PrairieLearn to perform an action. For example, syncing a course repository to PrairieLearn. You will need the correct permissions to be able to perform this request. Unless specified otherwise, all requests are going to be `GET` requests and will follow the above example format when using `curl`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unless specified otherwise, all requests are `GET` requests and will follow the above example format when using `curl`.
```

Reviewer 2: I understand this is the exact opposite of what @jonatanschroeder said to do, so maybe this is something to be discussed?

Author: I do agree that various developers should know this but I don't want to assume all PL instructors are developers

Reviewer 3: I agree with @ZacWarham, I think it's better to be explicit. Even technically-savvy users may not be familiar with GET vs POST requests, this text clarifies that this is a convention used in PL (even if it is a convention used elsewhere as well). It also provides additional information for instructors testing/debugging their API usage.

> When sending a request to an endpoint, it will require you to send either a `GET` or a `POST` request. A `GET` request retrieves information from PrairieLearn, such as gradebook information. Whereas a `POST` request asks PrairieLearn to perform an action. For example, syncing a course repository to PrairieLearn. You will need the correct permissions to be able to perform this request. Unless specified otherwise, all requests are going to be `GET` requests and will follow the above example format when using `curl`.

Reviewer: Wordsmithing + including links to MDN:

```suggestion
API endpoints require either a [`GET` request](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Methods/GET) or a [`POST` request](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Methods/POST). A `GET` request retrieves information from PrairieLearn, such as gradebook information. A `POST` request asks PrairieLearn to perform an action, such as syncing a course GitHub repository. Unless otherwise specified, all requests are `GET` requests and will follow the above example format when using `curl`.
```

If we want to retain a mention of permissions, that should go elsewhere, that has nothing to do with discussions of HTTP methods.

Reviewer: I think we can safely omit it.

Here is an example of using `curl` for a `POST` request:

```sh

> curl -H "Private-Token: TOKEN" -X POST https://us.prairielearn.com/pl/api/v1/<REST_OF_PATH>

Reviewer 2: I think `-d ""` is a good idea.

> curl -H "Private-Token: TOKEN" -X POST https://us.prairielearn.com/pl/api/v1/<REST_OF_PATH>

Author: Updated in b3ab388

> curl -H "Private-Token: TOKEN" -X POST https://us.prairielearn.com/pl/api/v1/<REST_OF_PATH>

Reviewer: Let's use `-X POST` for clarity here.

- **One submission:**
  - `/pl/api/v1/course_instances/:course_instance_id/submissions/:submission_id`
  - One specific submission.

> - **Course sync: (`POST`)**
>   - `/pl/api/v1/course/:course_id/sync`
>   - Returns the `job_sequence_id` of the course sync job.

Reviewer: Nit, I think this is a more conventional way to list a method/URL combination:

```suggestion
- **Course sync:**
  - `POST /pl/api/v1/course/:course_id/sync`
  - Returns the `job_sequence_id` of the course sync job.
```

I'd prefer to explicitly include the method on each endpoint rather than saying "everything is GET by default, though I won't die on this hill.

Reviewer: That's a good point. I opened https://github.com/PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn/pull/12342 to try to do a more comprehensive rework of how things are displayed, including using a code block to avoid this issue. If you/others like what's going on there, maybe we can merge that first?

Reviewer: Looks like this has been updated now!

```text
GET /pl/api/v1/course_instances/:course_instance_id/submissions/:submission_id
```

### Course sync

> #### Start a course sync
> 
> ```text
> POST /pl/api/v1/course/:course_id/sync
> ```
> 
> #### Check course sync status
> 
> ```text
> GET /pl/api/v1/course/:course_id/sync/:job_sequence_id
> ```

Reviewer: In a previous iteration you had helpful (IMO) text explaining that the first one would return an ID, and that the second one used that ID. Not sure what happened to it, but here's my attempt at adding it back:

````suggestion
#### Start a course sync

```text
POST /pl/api/v1/course/:course_id/sync
```

Returns a `job_sequence_id` that can be used to check on the sync job's status.

#### Check course sync status

```text
GET /pl/api/v1/course/:course_id/sync/:job_sequence_id
```

Returns the status and output of the sync job.
````

Author: Happy to have it. I just went for a blanket removal copying  #12342 😅

>The descriptions are removed; I felt they were basically redundant given the names for the endpoints themselves.
